---
layout: post
title: "Big city"
date: 2024-08-05
authors: ["maosboo"]
description: "750 words (2024)"
categories: []
thumbnail: ""
image: ""
---

As I awake one morning from uneasy dreams, I find myself completely untransformed. Emerging into the kitchen, however, I discover that Mum and Dad seem to have grown. Dad sits uncomfortably, the kitchen table balancing on his knees, and Mum’s high ponytail is messed by its scrapes with the ceiling. We exchange pleasantries and discuss the morning’s opinion columns, but I don’t mention my parents’ increased size, waiting for them to broach the topic. Their skin seems taut, tense. My sister, entering with wet hair, is, like our parents, of expanded size, and, like me, does not bring up the fact that only I seem have remained true to my traditional size. Soon, Mum, Dad and my sister leave for work, and I am left alone at home, pondering. I peer out the windows, and note that our neighbours have undergone similar growth spurts, having to squeeze outside, like their front doors were birth canals.

My mum calls during her lunch break and, demonstrating some peripheral awareness of her enlargement, reassures me that I should not worry too much about how small I have become, and that the problem is likely addressable by eating more protein. My sister, who is also vegetarian, and I gripe about our parents on WhatsApp, and she promises to bring a falafel wrap from the city home for me. I don’t achieve much all day, lost in a hole of nausea and fatigue.

When my family returns, it is obvious that they have all continued to grow. It is not clear to me, in fact, how they were able to navigate our city’s urban infrastructure, now that the three of them must comfortably be the size of upright Bengal tigers (of their respective sexes). Entering the kitchen with difficulties, we discuss their days, and they present conflicts with co-workers caused by various lacks of respect for personal space. Our parents eat steaks that look dainty entering their cavernous mouths, and my sister and I share reheated falafel wraps that seem to provide satisfaction only to her. Mum talks about the need for a positive attitude, and Dad drops hints as subtle as his meaty hands that I soon must get outside and resume looking for work. My sister offers a defence, perhaps not entirely full-throated, of my right to figure things out at my own pace, but I mostly stay silent, reflecting on the darkness of my hollows. 

I am exhausted, but sleep is difficult—I wake in anxiety, and descend the stairs to use the bathroom. I hear squeaking sounds around me, and see a gigantic fold of flesh spill through my parents’ bedroom doorway. From its dark hairs, I guess that the flesh belongs to my father. The partition walls are cracking, and flesh is emerging through the resulting gaps. I am bumped from behind, and forcefully propelled, stumbling, out of the kitchen door, and into the backyard.  Despite the darkness, I see flesh piercing the night sky in all directions. Fragments of residences cling to giant limbs. Somewhere behind me, I hear Dad’s voice, deepened and slow, saying that it was about time I left home and led a normal life. I hear other voices too, all resonating deep into the stillness of the night, saying that it is mild, that only the frail are at risk, that we’ve all got to get it and stop living in fear. I pick out my sister, now gargantuan, who is droning about how we can push on through as a herd.

I flee and take refuge under a bridge leading out of town. As the night wears on, I see people continuing to inflate, like human-shaped bouncy castles, concrete and twisted steel raining beneath inadvertently crushing feet. Strangely, there, on the mud, listening to the river and the destruction of the city, I eventually sleep, more soundly than I can recall to mind.

When I awake, the sky is filled with anonymous towers of flesh. I make my way into the ruins of the city, tunnelling between pressed-together limbs and torsos, now finding the low rumblings emerging from the bodies completely incomprehensible. With effort, I manage to scale one figure, gripping onto tree-like body hairs, and dodging terrifying drops of sweat, until I make it to what I think is the top of a head. From up here, I can see clearly, and the sky is completely empty.
