---
layout: post
title: "Mars base"
date: 2024-07-21
authors: ["maosboo"]
description: "300 words (2024)"
categories: []
thumbnail: ""
image: ""
---

We buried the first person who died on Mars on the slope of a hill just outside base, and, in retrospect, it's lucky we didn't bury him with his access card. Now we cremate.

I have worked on the Mars base for a few years now, and my job means I do a lot of solo remote exploration, driving the truck all over. On one mission, I finally found the Curiosity rover. It was driving. When it went silent, decades ago, it was immobile and failed. So I lifted the rover, and noticed dripping. I saw it had left a wet trail, right to the horizon. My suit analysed a drop. It was blood.

The worst thing about remote exploration is finding a door, standing upright and alone in the middle of some plain or crater. More precisely, the worst thing is what you see on the other side of the keyhole. It is always an eye, and even more precisely, the worst thing is what is reflected in its pupil.

A few of us out on exploration missions have seen a man from a distance. He is a tall, very thin man without a suit. We don't talk about it much. At least we didn't talk about it much until Hectorson disappeared, because the next time the man was seen (as it happens, by me), he looked fat.

On my most recent mission, I found a perfect smooth sphere, made of rock. I tapped it, and the sphere opened. Inside it was a left big toe. Then the sphere closed again. Later, I repeated the trick for the Science dept, and we saw a load of odd human parts. So, it's exactly nine days since we did all that, and my left big toe just disappeared.
